Just got the news.
Baidang Guanliang transported from Qingzhou to Beijing
sudden disappearance
Xiaojiu, the weather is so good
Let's go fly a kite.
You are talking
Then I'll come later.
It's okay, you can listen to it together.
These things in the future
It will be slowly handed over to you to deal with.
No, no, no. I'm just an embroidered pillow
useless
You continue
Qinzhou
I remember that Chunyu's older brother is the governor of Qinzhou
And your uncle Li Shangshu's subordinates
Recent grain traders from other countries
Frequent contact
The Chunyu family depends on the emperor
And everywhere against the Feng family
My sister finally couldn't help herself.
Start eradicating everything
Sure enough
It turns out that Feng Qingya and Nangong are really a good match
And I'm like an outsider
No, I was an outsider
Maybe I shouldn't have taken these bodies
Sister Chen Ya
Sister Chen Ya?
What are you dazed about?
How many times have I called you?
Xiao Jiu, I was thinking
Should we find a charlatan?
We can't exchange our bodies back.